# Data-Exploration-Final
Final Project for Data Exploration and Analysis 530
A 250-500-word paper summarizing the following: Statistical/Hypothetical Question


The analysis requirements did not fit my project. I wanted to explore different streaming services and which had the highest ratings and most content to answer the question of which service is most worth your time and money. The variables I chose included the two columns that provided the ratings, IMDb and Rotten Tomatoes. The other variables I chose, DIsney+, Netflix, Prime Video, and Hulu provided a list letting me know which shows were on which streaming service so that the ratings could be connected to the particular service. My questions were not answered by the required analysis questions.  

I would have started this project using Exploratory Data Analysis to identify any patterns or outliers. Using the data sets obtained, I would collect the IMDb ratings for each available movie and show per streaming service. I would then do the same for the Rotten Tomato ratings. I would have found the mean, median, and mode of each new data set. I would also find out which service boasts the highest ratings and which had the lowest. Descriptive analysis would have been used to identify trends and relationships between the services, their content and the ratings. It would also be important to consider the sheer volume of content per streaming service. I would have found out which particular types of shows had higher ratings and which services had more of those shows. I will take some time and work on this analysis so I can answer my questions. I am excited for this upcoming journey. 
